# Basic Concepts

#### What is a *verification* ?

Is the process performed buy a set of human validators with the goal of verifying that a certain person (aka the *Subject*) is who he/she claims to be and is alive.

#### How is the verification done ?

1. Someone (aka the *Requestor*) requests verification of the identity/life/etc of some particular person (aka the *Subject*).

2. A group of persons  (aka the *Validators*) visit the subject in the given address, within a certain *Time Window*.

3. They verify that the subject is alive and is who he/she claims and report it.

4. When all verifications are completed the final state is evaluated based on the verification results.

5. After the verification is completed the validators rewards are payed.

#### What types of verifications are allowed ?

Cases:

- Proof of Life of some human being
- Proof of Identity of some human being
- Proof  of Existence  of a certain asset or service
- Proof of State of a certain asset or service
- Proof of Ownership of a certain asset or service
- Proof of Service that a certain service was completed

#### Who can *request* a verification ?

Anybody who has a NEAR account can request it.

 #### Who will pay for it ?

The requestor must pay for the verification, and it is allways a NEAR account.

#### What is the *subject* ?

The subject is the human being which will be verified.

#### What is a government identification ?

Is the identity document (DNI, Passport, Driver License, etc) issued by some local/national government which provides a unique identification for a given person.

#### Who can be a *validator* ?

Anyone with a NEAR account can act as a validator, but it must be registered in the Dapp.

#### How will they be compensated ?

They will receive 0.5 NEAR per completed verification.

#### What is the *digital passport* ?

It is an NFT (soulbounded and non transferable) generated by the verification protocol which can be used to confirm the verified identity in the Open Web (one/more blockchains).
